README.md, before:

MilkyTracker - Cross-Platform XM Tracker
========================================
Diverse Platform ports by me

Big thanks to TheMorc (https://github.com/TheMorc) for letting me use stuff from his Ports and helping me out a lot in this Journey!

## WiiU Port Status
Grab it at https://github.com/leandrofriedrich/MilkyTracker/tree/wiiu

- Ins. ed crashes when song is playing
- when clicking home button, it either freezes or when exiting it gets stuck on the wii u menu loading screen, never actually reaching it




Start of Original ReadMe
========================

[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/milkytracker/MilkyTracker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/milkytracker/MilkyTracker)
[![AppVeyor Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/milkytracker/MilkyTracker?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Deltafire/milkytracker)

MilkyTracker is an multi-platform music application for creating .MOD
and .XM module files. It attempts to recreate the module replay and
user experience of the popular DOS program Fasttracker II, with
special playback modes available for improved Amiga ProTracker 2/3
compatibility.

## [⬇ DOWNLOAD](https://milkytracker.org/downloads)

<img src="https://github.com/coderofsalvation/MilkyTrackerX/raw/master/res/milkytrackerX.gif" width="100%"/>

> For experimental beta builds see [MilkytrackerX](https://github.com/coderofsalvation/MilkytrackerX)

Refer to http://milkytracker.org/about for further details.

Please read the file [INSTALL.md][] for installation instructions.

The [docs/readme_unix][] file contains notes specific to the SDL port
of MilkyTracker.

[INSTALL.md]:INSTALL.md
[docs/readme_unix]:docs/readme_unix

Commit message:

fixed controls for wiiu
Signed-off-by: Leandro Friedrich <email@leandrofriedrich.de>

README.md, after:

MilkyTracker - Cross-Platform XM Tracker
========================================
Diverse Platform ports by me

Big thanks to TheMorc (https://github.com/TheMorc) for letting me use stuff from his Ports and helping me out a lot in this Journey!

## Port List:
WiiU: https://github.com/leandrofriedrich/MilkyTracker/tree/wiiu

## WiiU Port Status
Grab it at https://github.com/leandrofriedrich/MilkyTracker/tree/wiiu

### Bugs/issues:

- Ins. ed crashes when song is playing
- when clicking home button, it either freezes or when exiting it gets stuck on the wii u menu loading screen, never actually reaching it, which means one has to power-cycle the console

### Controls
![Wii U Controls](resources/pictures/wiiucontrols.png)

Start of Original ReadMe
========================

[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/milkytracker/MilkyTracker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/milkytracker/MilkyTracker)
[![AppVeyor Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/milkytracker/MilkyTracker?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Deltafire/milkytracker)

MilkyTracker is an multi-platform music application for creating .MOD
and .XM module files. It attempts to recreate the module replay and
user experience of the popular DOS program Fasttracker II, with
special playback modes available for improved Amiga ProTracker 2/3
compatibility.

## [⬇ DOWNLOAD](https://milkytracker.org/downloads)

<img src="https://github.com/coderofsalvation/MilkyTrackerX/raw/master/res/milkytrackerX.gif" width="100%"/>

> For experimental beta builds see [MilkytrackerX](https://github.com/coderofsalvation/MilkytrackerX)

Refer to http://milkytracker.org/about for further details.

Please read the file [INSTALL.md][] for installation instructions.

The [docs/readme_unix][] file contains notes specific to the SDL port
of MilkyTracker.

[INSTALL.md]:INSTALL.md
[docs/readme_unix]:docs/readme_unix
